1. Enter the number of hours it took you to complete the project between
   the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<10>>>).

   <<< 30+ >>>
   
2. Enter the difficulty level (1: very easy; 5: very difficult) of the project
   between the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<3>>>).

   <<< 5 >>>

3. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Long and Double Basic Types): This one really causes a tough 
start, because in the first I thought as well as I finished the codegen and 
analyze in JLiteralLong and JLiteralDouble, then everything is good. However, 
I got compilation error in the after place. So I started to figure out how 
to debug. Then I realized I need to edit JVariable, JVariableDeclaraion and 
even my Type.java got some wrong. This is really a tough start but I still 
make it. 

   Problem 2 (Operators): I got the experience from doing quesion 1, so this 
one seems to be easier, though it still has much needs to be worked with, 
because I have to read a lot of files which I made when doing project1. After 
I figure out how to change the codegen, it should be quite easier. 
   
   Problem 3 (Conditional Expression): The analyze part here doesn't cost me 
much time, but the codegen does. I feel I'm not really familiar with this so 
it make me spent much time to look at the slides. 

   Problem 4 (Switch Statement): It's so hard to do this, it spends me like 
tons of time but still cannot figure out how to do this. 

   Problem 5 (Do-While Statement): This one is the easiest, which we just 
follow what the JWhileStatement and everything is done. 

   Problem 6 (For Statement): I spent a bunch of time because I was stuck on
the part where it gives me "cannot find name: i". I was stuck here for such 
a long but still figure it out finally. 

   Problem 7 (Break Statement): For break, I've tried my best to figure out 
how to solve codegen, but after I put some labels in codegen, it still doesn't 
give me correct output. I think I just have one more step left but still can't
figure out why. 

   Problem 8 (Continue Statement): Cannot make it. It seems to have the same 
label as BreakStatement, but it's so hard to figure out. 

   Problem 9 (Exception Handlers):  Just got no time to figure out. 

   Problem 10 (Interface Type Declaration): Doesn't make it, so hard and almost
have no idea to fix this. 

4. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS451/651 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

5. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   I think this homework should be the hardest question that we've got so far, 
because the analyze and codegen part are both not easy. We have to consider
the situaion such as how to jump, and how to give expectedType. It needs a lot
of thinking. 
